About the University
Mohan Babu University is a State Private University promoted by Sree Vidyanikethan Educational Trust under the leadership of Dr. M. Mohan Babu, Ex Rajyasabha Member, Producer, Cine Artiste and a great Philanthropist.
The University is located in Tirupati District, Andhra Pradesh, India. Mohan Babu University promotes excellence in all the frontiers of Engineering, Pharmacy, Liberal Arts & Sciences, Agriculture, Education, Journalism, Management, Performing and Arts, MB Film Academy, Paramedical and Health Sciences.
MBU’s advanced curriculum, expert mentorship, best-in- class facilities with a safe 5-star rated campus, and 65+ clubs are poised to help students innovate, learn and lead the next, today. In a constantly changing world, only talent that is future-ready can take the baton ahead. Therefore, MBU focuses on delivering a unique blend of academic brilliance, discipline and dynamism. Groomed in such an inspiring culture, a community of thousands of students is preparing for a future of success. We are pleased to see them soar high with rewarding opportunities in companies like Google and Amazon this academic year. We are confident that each one of our students is nurtured and well supported to make a difference in a unique way.
Formerly known as Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College, the University is known for its quality initiatives which are amply reflected in accreditations by National Board of Accreditation (NBA) for UG & PG programmes and National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) with ‘A+’ Grade. The college participated in National Institution Ranking Framework (NIRF) 2025 and ranked in 201-300 Band and 51-100 band in NIRF-Innovation. The college is ranked in the EXCELLENT Band in its maiden attempt in ARIIA rankings 2021 under Private/Self Financing colleges (Technical) category. The college is one among the 49 selected institutions across India selected by AICTE for establishing IDEA Lab on the campus with a funding of Rs
1.13 Crores from AICTE, Host institute and Industry during the year 2021. Attained Platinum status in AICTE-CII Survey for having high industry linkages in 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 consecutively and placed in the “Excellent” band in ARIIA 2021, has been accorded “College with Potential for Excellence” status  by UGC, has been selected as the mentor institution by IIC, MoE Govt of  India, Mentor institution for 10 Engineering Colleges under

AICTE Margdarshan Scheme, Recognized as one of the Best performing institutions from South Zone by Institution Innovation Council (IIC), Received Rs 3.61 Crores under Science, Technology and innovation Hub by DST.
A student-centric pedagogy, project-based approach and design-driven curriculum provide students with an inclination for complex problem solving, design, innovation, and a passion for learning. The focus on innovation and entrepreneurship gives students an edge, allowing them to create inventions, start businesses, and design solutions to global problems – all before graduation. Integral to this success story is the faculty’s dedication to teaching, scholarship program for the needy, support of alumni, industrial advisory boards, and employers; and the state-of-the-art facilities, which provide students with a solid foundation for achievement.
Location
The Institution is located 16 KM from the temple town of Tirupati on Tirupati – Madanapalle National Highway 205.
About the School of Computing
The School of Computing is a leader in real-world computing breakthroughs that drive social and scientific progress. With our unconventional approach to education along with cutting-edge, cross-disciplinary research, we are expanding the boundaries of computing.
The School of Computing is a stimulating environment for research, particularly in the areas of localization, data analytics, software engineering, scientific computing and cloud computing. Our vision is to lead the advancement of computer science research and education that has real-world impact and to push the frontiers of innovation in the field.
The school now offers 10 B.Tech., 03 M.Tech., 01 MCA, and 02 Research Programs.
About the Department
The Department of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning offers a four-year professional B.Tech. program in Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) and Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence and Data Science). The program emphasizes acquiring knowledge and contemporary skills on computing systems and developing software through experiential learning relevant to the domain of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. 
The program focuses on a student-centric learning approach through classroom study, industry-based internships, and project-work in core and advanced courses. The courses offered in the program include the core subjects of Computer Science and specialized courses like Intelligent Systems, Pattern Recognition, Machine Leaning, Deep Learning, Cognitive Systems, Robotics and Automation, Business Intelligence, and other courses in cutting-edge technologies.
About the Conference
ICKITS’26 has emerged as an enduring techno-platform to connect education experts and passionate educators all over the nation for improving the potential for excellence in engineering education. It provides a premier interdisciplinary forum for researchers, engineers and academicians to present and gain knowledge on the most recent trends, innovations, and technologies and solutions adopted for sustainable development. 
The conference also focuses on mutually sharing the advances and innovative technologies for the scientists, scholars, engineers and students from different universities and industry to present ongoing research activities, focused on solutions to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and hence to foster collaborations among stakeholders and researchers from distinct universities, national laboratories, government funding bodies and the industry. Sustainable development is the idea that human societies must live and meet their needs without compromising the ability of future generations. Sustainable development is a way of organizing society so that it can exist in the long term, taking into account both the imperatives present and those of the future. Much effort is needed from researchers to achieve SDGs and a clear need to go beyond. ICKITS’26 aims to gain valuable insights and contributions from researchers and practitioners facilitating interdisciplinary perspectives.
Scope of the Conference
ICKITS’26 has been widely deployed to discuss Innovations and Technologies to achieve Sustainable Development Goals by United Nations. Contributions are invited across all the disciplines of Engineering toward the Sustainable Society, Sustainable Technology & Education, Sustainable economy, Sustainable health care, sustainable cities and Sustainable living, but not limited.

Chief Patrons
Dr. M. Mohan Babu, Chancellor, MBU.
Mr. Vishnu Manchu, Pro-Chancellor, MBU.

Patrons
Mr. Vinay Maheswari, Executive Director, MBU
Dr. P.V.Ramana, Vice-Chancellor, MBU
Dr. K. Saradhi, Registrar, MBU.

Advisors
Dr. Avireni Srinivasulu, Dean, Research & Innovation, MBU.
Dr. Babu Devasenapati, Dean, School of Engineering & Computing, MBU.
Dr.G.Sunitha, HoD, Department of AI & ML, MBU.

Advisory Committee
Dr. R. Balasubramanian, IIT Roorkee, Uttarakhand. Dr. RBV Subramanyam, NIT Warangal, Telangana Dr. P. Viswanadh, IIIT Sricity, Tirupati.
Dr. G. C. Nandi, IIIT, Allahabad, Jhalwa, Uttar Pradesh. Dr. A.Vinaya Babu, JNTUH, Hyderabad.
Dr. S. Viswanadha Raju, JNTUHCEJ, Jagityal, Karimnagar.
Dr. B. Eswar Reddy, JNTUA College of Engineering, Ananthapuramu. Dr. P. Chenna Reddy, JNTUA, Ananthapuramu
Dr. C. Shoba Bindhu, JNTUA, Ananthapuramu
Dr. K.F.Bharathi, JNTUA, Ananthapuramu
Dr. Deepak Garg, Bennett University, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh Dr. Valli Kumari. Professor, Andhra University, Vishakhapatnam Dr. Brojo Kishore Mishra, GIET University, Gunupur, Odisha.
Dr. B. Balamurugan, Galgotias University, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh. Dr. Thirunavukkarasu K, Karnavati University, Uvarsad, Gujarat.
Dr. Rajasekhar Babu, VIT University, Vellore Dr. Jagadish Kannan R, VIT, Chennai.
Dr. Nagendra Panini Challa, VIT-AP, Amaravathi Dr. S. Jyothi, SPMVV, Tirupati.
Dr. K. Srujan Raju, CMR Technical Campus, Hyderabad. Dr. G. Madhavi, JNTU Vizianagaram.
Dr. Y. Kishore kumar Babu, JNTU Vizianagaram.
Dr. D. Ganesh Gopal, UIET, Chandigarh University, Mohali, Punjab. Dr. Y. Rameswar Reddy, JNTUA College of Engineering, Pulivendula. Dr. KPNV Satyasree, Usharama College of Engineering & Technology, Telaprolu, Andhra Pradesh.
Dr. Thulasi Bikku, Vignan’s Nirula institute of Technology and Science for Women, Guntur, India.
Dr. Praveen Shukla, BBD University, Lucknow.
  Dr.A.Paventhan, IIT Madras,Chennai, 
  Dr.B.Sundaravadivazhogan,University of Technology and Applied Sciences- AL Mussanah, Oman
  Mr.Srinivas Nowduri, Pueblo, Colorado, United States of America.
  Dr.Asadi Srinivasulu,BlueCrest University, Sinkor Road, Monrovia, Liberia.
  Dr.SM Farooq, Ph.D., - Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore,
Dr. E. Iniya Nehru, NIC, Andhra Pradesh, India (Chairman) Mr. Ganapathy Subramayan, JP Morgan, USA
Dr. Krishna Sastry Pendyala, TCS, Hyderabad Dr. Pethuru Raj, Reliance Jio-Cloud, Bengaluru Mr. Satyamoorthy C, Siemens, Bengaluru
Mr. Tirumurugan. R, Infosys, Chennai
   Mr.S.Kartik Narayanan, WIPRO, Bangalore
   Dr. Shankar Venugopal, Mahindra & Mahindra, Technology Innovation, Knowledge Management and Mahindra Technical Academy.
  Mr.Phaneendra Nath, Sunnyvale, California, United States
Dr. Thirupathi Regula, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman.
Dr Gulab Singh Chauhan, karakul, Uzbekistan.
  


Conveners
Dr. K. Padmaja, Department of AI & ML, School of Computing, MBU
Co-Convener
Dr. K. Kavitha, Department of AI & ML, School of Computing, MBU
Co-ordinators
Ms.K.Ghamya, Department of AI & ML, School of Computing, MBU
Ms. K Sandhya, Department of AI & ML, School of  Computing, MBU

Publication of Conference Proceedings
All accepted and presented papers at the conference will be considered for inclusion in a Scopus-indexed edited book volume to be published by Wiley.

Registration:
Category
Early Bird
(Upto 2nd April 2026)
Late registration
(after 2nd April 2026)
Students/Research scholars/ Faculty
   Rs. 10500
Rs.11500
Authors(Foreign Origin)
       $250
$275
Industry delegate
   Rs. 12500
Rs. 14500
Bank Details:
Account Number    :	154012010000884
IFSC                     :	UBIN0815403
Bank Name            :	Union Bank of India
Branch                   :	SVEC, A.Rangampet
Important Dates
Submission of Manuscripts: 2nd July 2026 
Acceptance Notification: 30th Aug 2026
Camera-Ready Paper Submission: 8th September 2026
Registration Deadline : 19th  September 2026
Conference Dates:24th -25th September 2026
Regisrtation Link 
https://forms.gle/RuW9k5GdmnuokaXb9

Contact:
Dr. K.Padmaja
+91-8790510401
Dr. K.Kavitha,
+91-9440101946

Email:ickits2026@gmail.com

                                             

International Conference on Knowledge, Innovations and Technologies for Sustainability (ICKITS - 2026)

(Hybrid Mode)
In association with
DATA Student Technical Association

24rd-25th September, 2026



Organized by 
Department of AI & ML School of Computing





MOHAN BABU UNIVERSITY
Sree Sainath Nagar, Tirupati - 517102, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Ph: +(91) 877-2236711-14 Fax:0877-
2236717
www.mbu.asia

